What!
Li Xiaoya is getting married
Yes, and there will be a wedding soon.
Why?
Why can he get away with it all?
Absolutely impossible
There must be a way
Li Xiaoya
Not absolute
I will never let you accept this marriage
Shanshan, calm down
We can't organize a wedding
As long as you do as I say
How?
Ah what an international joke
You don't have to.
You just need to help me get the stuff
No, it's against the law.
You will go to jail too
Hahaha
go to jail
I don't want to live anymore
My dad was killed by him
I was ruined by him
He Li Xiaoya, why should he?
Why should he live a happy life?
You don't do it
OK
I'll do it, wait.
I'll help you.
same joy
Li Xiaoya married my cousin
What does it feel like?
Cousin, why are you here?